# EVALUATION

1.From the government's perspective, we are able to get the unemployment rate for each state, in each industry, compared to the same period in previous years. It helps the government make better decisions about what level of financial aid to implement in which industry and in which state, for example, some financial aid to companies, some financial subsidies to individuals. If the government is prepared to subsidize companies and individuals in Berlin and Rheinland Pfalz, should the level of subsidies be the same? From this visulization of group2 we can easily find that the averrage of umemployment change of berlin is 36.15,but the averrage of umemployment change of Rheinland Pfalz is only 7.29.Thus we can draw a conclusion from the visulization group 2 that the subsidy to Berlin should of course be much higher than Rheinland Pfalz. For those industries that are more severely affected from Corona, the government can make judgements from the information received from visulization to reduce taxes or subsidize the economy. The most important thing is that the government can, in the next few months, take some steps to ease up on the states with higher unemployment rates and some industries, for example, Berlin,Hamburg and hospitality, because from the visulization we can easily see that hopitality industry is most affected from corona.

2.There are different threats to validity to each level and it is useful to think about these threats at each levels. The three levels addressed by a Munzner are Domain,  Data/task, Visual encoding/interaction.
At domain level, every domain have different vocabulary. So, we must have domain knowledge of the project and if not than we must learn about the tasks in a particular domain of target users because if there is not enough domain knowledge, then it might be possible that we misunderstood the need of user. There is also a threat that we talk to user not enough to fully understand the problem or we never talk to them. So, one must have domain expertise before diving into visualization project. This threat overcome by interviewing target users and by observing their need rather than making assumptions.
At data/task level, we must know how the data is used to solve the user problems. It might be possible that we transformed data into some other way that established wrong things. In order to address this problem, it is necessary to find the right data type and transform that data into the data types that visualization techniques can address effectively. The better approach to validate against this threat is to perform field study.
At visual encoding/interaction level, it is possible that the way we showed our data does not work because of the way the human perception system work. It can also be possible that we miss most of the things or unable to show the things that target users really want to see in visualization. This problem can be solved by lab study and by doing qualitative and quantitative result image analysis.
As a result of these validations we can overcome many challenges of developing a visualization design. Validating these threats make the visualization more effective and can provide better understanding to user. It improves the accuracy with which users achieve specified goals with efficiency and satisfaction and can answers to issues clearly.

3.We would like to suggest that diverging palettes with some different colours would be better in the heatmap that shows ‘average change in the unemployment per industry regarding industry size’ because it is most useful when a data set has a zero like central value and we can see that the heatmap contains some negative values that are not clearly differentiable by colour scheme and some rows with different values also not showing a clear difference due to same colour. 







